{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Game name: Found Sound\
\
The goal of the game is to win. With only one level, you will see an assortment of colored buttons that sprinkle the screen. You can click on the colored dots with the A button and your blue cursor on the screen to make sounds, but some buttons will not make sounds at first. This is because in order to win, some buttons will need to be clicked on before other.\
\
Through out the process of designing and coding my game, I ran into many problems and bugs that surprised me. I planed for this game to be possibly more simplistic than what some of my classmates choose to do, because I did not feel overly confidant about my coding abilities. Although I found that I am probably more adept than I thought I might be, I am still very glad I did not choose and overly ambitious project because of the many problems that I has with this \'93simplistic\'94 project, that I ended up needing help from other people. Some of the problems that I ran into included code to make different levels, which lead to trying to make sure that the levels are shown in the right order. Both of these problems were that as I was coding them, it never seemed to come out correctly, even though it could be compiled. I found that when I ran into these problems and could not find a way to fix them after a while, I would first ask my classmates, and friends who knew programing, for their input and ideas. This was actually helpful in that they helped me not only come up with ideas on how to solve these bugs, but also helped offer code they already made so I did not have to program as much of it by my self. I learned that if I still could not find a way around my problems, to not be ashamed to ask Mr. Kiang and Mrs. Kiang for their help, and they were happy that I knew to come to them. If I had more time to work on this project, I know I would surly add more levels to be played.}